README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">HackerDesktop</h1>
<p align="center">A fake hacker desktop with black screen and green font</p>

<br>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/jarne/HackerDesktop/blob/master/package.json">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/jarne/HackerDesktop.svg" alt="Package version">
    </a>
    <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/jarne/HackerDesktop">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/jarne/HackerDesktop.svg" alt="CircleCI">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/jarne/HackerDesktop/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jarne/HackerDesktop.svg" alt="License">
    </a>
</p>

##

[Description](#-description) | [Development environment](#-development-environment) | [Contribution](#-contribution) | [License](#%EF%B8%8F-license)

## 📙 Description

This is a fake hacker desktop web app, built with JavaScript and jQuery / jQuery UI.

Here's a screenshot of the app:

<img src=".github/.media/screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot of the hacker desktop">

## 💻 Development environment

In order to run the application, you first need to install the development dependencies with:

```
$ npm install
```

Then, you can start the development web server with:

```
$ npm start
```

This app is using the [Parcel](https://parceljs.org) bundler, so you need to have installed Parcel in order to start the development server.

You can create a production build using:

```
$ npm run build
```

The files are created in the `dist`-folder.

## 🙋‍ Contribution

Contributions are always very welcome! It's completely equally if you're a beginner or a more experienced developer.

Please read our **[Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)** before creating an issue or submitting a pull request.

Thanks for your interest 🎉👍!

## 👨‍⚖️ License

[MIT](https://github.com/jarne/HackerDesktop/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update description and installation steps

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">HackerDesktop</h1>
<p align="center">A fake hacker desktop with black screen and green font</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/jarne/HackerDesktop/blob/master/package.json">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/jarne/HackerDesktop.svg" alt="Package version">
    </a>
    <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/jarne/HackerDesktop">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/jarne/HackerDesktop.svg" alt="CircleCI">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/jarne/HackerDesktop/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jarne/HackerDesktop.svg" alt="License">
    </a>
</p>

## 📙 Description

This is a fake hacker desktop web app, built with JavaScript and jQuery / jQuery UI.

### Screenshots

<img src=".github/.media/screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot of the hacker desktop">

### Architecture

HackerDesktop is a static web app created with plain JavaScript and SCSS. It uses jQuery UI
as a dependency for displaying windows inside the application.
Each "hacker app" (window) logic is located in a separate file in the [modules](./assets/js/modules/) folder.

## 🖥 Usage

### Using the hosted version of the app

Use the hosted version at [d2l8gyoh7b3otl.cloudfront.net](https://d2l8gyoh7b3otl.cloudfront.net) (automatic deploys from this repo).

### Build it locally

Firstly, clone the repository and install the dependencies using:

```
$ npm install
```

Then, you can start the development web server with:

```
$ npm start
```

A production build of the web app can be created using:

```
$ npm run build
```

The output files are located in the `dist` folder.

## 🙋‍ Contribution

Contributions are always very welcome! It's completely equal if you're a beginner or a more experienced developer.

Please read our **[Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)** before creating an issue or submitting a pull request.

Thanks for your interest 🎉👍!

## 👨‍⚖️ License

[MIT](https://github.com/jarne/HackerDesktop/blob/master/LICENSE)
